Patch 2 (#608)
HL7/fhircast-docs: input/pagecontent/2_Specification.md

</figure>

All data exchanged through the HTTP APIs SHALL be formatted, sent, and received as [JSON](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc8259) structures (unless otherwise specified), and SHALL be transmitted over channels secured using the Hypertext Transfer Protocol (HTTP) over Transport Layer Security (TLS), also known as HTTPS which is defined in [RFC2818](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc2818). FHIR resources exchanged in FHIRcast messages use FHIR-specific JSON serialization as specified in [FHIR+JSON](https://www.hl7.org/fhir/json.html).

> {% include questionnote.html text='Looking for implementer feedback on changing the expectation for FHIRcast JSON content type from JSON to FHIR+JSON.' %}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{% include questionnote.html text='Looking for implementer feedback on changing the expectation for FHIRcast event's JSON content type from JSON to FHIR+JSON.' %}

```

</figure>

All data exchanged through the HTTP APIs SHALL be formatted, sent, and received as [JSON](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc8259) structures (unless otherwise specified), and SHALL be transmitted over channels secured using the Hypertext Transfer Protocol (HTTP) over Transport Layer Security (TLS), also known as HTTPS which is defined in [RFC2818](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc2818). FHIR resources exchanged in FHIRcast messages use FHIR-specific JSON serialization as specified in [FHIR+JSON](https://www.hl7.org/fhir/json.html).

> {% include questionnote.html text='Looking for implementer feedback on changing the expectation for FHIRcast event's JSON content type from JSON to FHIR+JSON.' %}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{% include questionnote.html text='Looking for implementer feedback on changing the expectation for FHIRcast event\'s JSON content type from JSON to FHIR+JSON.' %}

```
